---
name: Phase07- Text Classification
about: Text Classification
title: Phase07- Text Classification
labels: ''
assignees: ''





---

- [x] 

- [x] Section 1: Huggingface Library

  - [x] Should text be converted to numeric data for Naive Bayes text classification? If Yes, How?
  - Yes it should be. for example we select some first words of each long text the we represent the sentences by some methods word_vec like  td_idf or bag of words         because in this ML Algorithm we need some static  feature so with these methods we convert the sentences to some vectors and matrices and use this ML algorithm.
  - [x] How to classify text with Naive Bayes? I think i have already answear this in previous question.

- [x] Section 2: LSTM  NN and Text Classification

  - [x] Should text be converted to numeric data for text classification by LSTM  NN? If Yes, How? 
  - Yes it should be.All the reasons are as the same as ML AND DL  Algorithms to have some features and  specialy in DL we need numeric features.
  - But the way is diffrent and in this case we use the Embbeding layers to convert WORDS TO Vectors. And after training  the output matrices and vectors will be made.

  - [x] Text Classification is closest to which one below.

     One-to-many

     Many-to-one 

     -[x]Many-to-many

- [x] Section 3: News Categorization and Sentiment Analysis

  - [x] News Categorization with Naive Bayes
  - [x] News Categorization with LSTM NN
  - [x] Sentiment Analysis with Naive Bayes
  - [x] Sentiment Analysis with LSTM NN

  
