---
name: Phase08 - Token Classification
about: Token Classification (POS,NER,...)
title: Phase08 - Token Classification (POS,NER,...)
labels: ''
assignees: ''




---

- [x] Section 1: Token Classification

  - [x] Token Classification is closest to which one below.

     One-to-many

     Many-to-one 

     Many-to-many
  - I think it is closest to Many to many because we should have some sequences of tokens to classify them and in the output we have the targets.So many to many.
  - [x] Can each token be classified independently from other tokens? Why?
  - [x] Absoloutly No.Because for example you want to classify the Entity of the words so if you dont have a good view of the context of the sentence you can not classify the entity of the word. 

- [x] Section 2: Part-Of-Speech (POS) tagging

  - [x] Are all the words tagged in the POS tagging problem? Yes All the words have a part in the sentence.
  - [x] How to display POS tagging task dataset with Conll-2003 method? In this method we have some tags(targets) that describe the Part of speeches
  - like:
  - {'"': 0, "''": 1, '#': 2, '$': 3, '(': 4, ')': 5, ',': 6, '.': 7, ':': 8,   : 9, 'CC': 10, 'CD': 11, 'DT': 12,
  - 'EX': 13, 'FW': 14, 'IN': 15, 'JJ': 16, 'JJR': 17, 'JJS': 18, 'LS': 19, 'MD': 20, 'NN': 21, 'NNP': 22, 'NNPS': 23,
  - 'NNS': 24, 'NN|SYM': 25, 'PDT': 26, 'POS': 27, 'PRP': 28, 'PRP$': 29, 'RB': 30, 'RBR': 31, 'RBS': 32, 'RP': 33,
  - 'SYM': 34, 'TO': 35, 'UH': 36, 'VB': 37, 'VBD': 38, 'VBG': 39, 'VBN': 40, 'VBP': 41, 'VBZ': 42, 'WDT': 43,
  - 'WP': 44, 'WP$': 45, 'WRB': 46}

- [x] Section 3: Name-Entity-Recognition (NER)

  - [x] Are all the words tagged in the NER problem? Yes but most of them will be tagged (other)[In some tagging we havent the other tag in this case we can say No]
  - [ ] In terms of method, what are the differences between POS tagging and NER? In training the Neural network I have used the same same network but there are  a lot 
  - diffrences like that in pos we tag each word but  in Ner it can happen that we tag some words to a target.And we do this by the name of the targets BIO (Begin, In,   - Out).
  - [ ] How to display NER task dataset with Conll-2003 method? In this method we have some tags(targets) that describe the Entity of the words
  - Like :
  - {'O': 0, 'B-PER': 1, 'I-PER': 2, 'B-ORG': 3, 'I-ORG': 4, 'B-LOC': 5, 'I-LOC': 6, 'B-MISC': 7, 'I-MISC': 8}


  
